You must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. You will face your fear. You will permit it to pass over you and through you. And when it has gone past you will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only you will remain.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully. When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light. When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it. When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway. When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back. When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some. When you're feeling tired, dare to keep going. When times are tough, dare to be tougher. When love hurts you, dare to love again. When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal. When another is lost, dare to help them find the way. When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand. When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile. When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. When the day has ended, dare to feel as you've done your best. Dare to be the best you can - At all times, Dare to be!
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.
Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don't forget to lift someone up.
What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It's okay to look back to see how far you've come but keep moving forward.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don't give up.
Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Release the stress of the day.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You. Be Free.
If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don't have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love--be there for others--bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.
The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively.
To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
You are beautiful.
Your capacity for life, happiness, and success is immeasurable.
Live your life as you see.
Dream of your future. One day you will make it there.
Renew, release, let go. Yesterday's gone. There's nothing you can do to bring it back. You can't "should've" done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
Don't let others tell you what you can't do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
Only those who attempt the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
If you don't give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
Smile today and spread it to others.
Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It's ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!
Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.
Be the positive impact on the lives of others.
Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow.
Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge  harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
It doesn't matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.
It doesn't matter what you did or where you were...it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart!
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.
Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
What you stay focused on will grow.
Don't wait for things to happen. Make them happen.
You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.
It's important to choose which thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.
Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
Everything is hard before it is easy
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.
Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.
Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.
Do not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions - your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.
Let today be the day.
Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.
Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.
If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.
If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.
Make today worth remembering.
What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you're faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you'll overcome it. Yes, you can.
Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.
Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your and stay.
Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.
Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward - your breakthrough may be just around the corner.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.
Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.
Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?
Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.
Times will change for the better when you change.
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.
Life has no limitations.
Find the beauty in nature. You are nature.
Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.
Defeat is just temporary. Victory will always come.
Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.
It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.
Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It's inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.
Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.
Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.
And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Believe in your infinite potential.
If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.
Enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.  Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.
What is considered impossible is someone else's opinion. What is possible is your decision.
Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in installments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out.
People who fit don't seek. The seekers are those that don't fit.
There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.
Tomorrow, the next week, the next month, they will all come. Live in the moment and don't stress about the future.
The struggles we endure today will be the 'good old days' we laugh about tomorrow.
No matter how many people believe or don't believe in you, you must be the ultimate believer in yourself!
The sun shall always rise upon a new day and there shall always be a rose garden within you. Yes, there is a part of you that is broken, but your broken soil gives way to your wild roses.
Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.
The whole world is better because of your presence.
You bring light into everyone's day.
So many people care and love you.
One day, people will think about you and smile.
You're as strong as a tree, fluid as a stream, wise as sky, and caring as the Earth.
Yesterday is your past; so live life for Today and Future. Remember, never quit in life, if you stumble, then get up and go back on your track with full confidence. Success will be yours.
Do not say what your quality is; let your actions speak of your knowledge. Do not bother what people say on your back; make them silent with your work. All the good things will definitely knock your door.
Dream is not what you see in your sleep; rather it is something for which you cannot sleep until you get it. So always choose doing over dreaming that bring success in the future.
Always go after what you desire, because if you do not try to think of failures, you always remain at the same place. It is good to be a failure after trying than doing nothing in your life.
Do not race with your problem, because it continues forever, instead face problem with your confidence and believe. The victory will be yours.
Win the darkness with your bright soul, win hate with your true love, win fear with your courage, then you no need to go away from the challenges. You can face a difficult situation with a smiling face.
What you have done yesterday, you cannot leave with it today. Every morning brings a new hope and new challenge. So don’t waste your moment in thinking of the past. Go ahead and be prepared for any difficulties.
Today is a good day to have a great day.